Update Doc to reflect recent AlertTemplates (#1317)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/alert-templates.md

| **MongoDB ReplicaSet has no primary** | Detects when a replica set loses its primary node and alerts users. Indicates that the cluster is in read-only mode, potentially affecting write operations and overall database functionality. | Percona customers | MongoDB |
| **MongoDB member is in unusual state** | Identifies and alerts when replica set members enter unusual states such as Recovering, Startup, or Rollback. Helps maintain cluster health and performance by enabling quick intervention. | Percona customers | MongoDB |
| **MongoDB write tickets** | Monitors write ticket availability in the WiredTiger storage engine and alerts when it falls below set thresholds. Aids in optimizing write performance and identifying potential bottlenecks. | Percona customers | MongoDB |
| **MongoDB too many chunk migrations** | Monitors amount of chunk migrations in a MongoDB sharded cluster and alerts if they are more than set thresholds. | Percona customers | MongoDB |

> | **MongoDB PBM agent down** | Monitors PBM Agent status and alerts when an agent becomes unreachable, indicating potential host or agent issues. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **MongoDB PBM Agent down** | Monitors the status of Percona Backup for MongoDB (PBM) Agents and alerts when an Agent becomes unresponsive. This indicates potential issues with the host system or with the PBM Agent itself. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |
```

> | **MongoDB PBM backup duration** | Monitors amount of time taken to complete a backup, and alerts when it exceeds set thresholds. If the backup did not complete, no alerts are sent. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **MongoDB PBM backup duration** |Monitors the time taken to complete a backup and alerts when it exceeds set thresholds. If the backup did not complete, no alerts are sent. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |
```

> | **MongoDB PBM backup size** | Monitors amount of disk space taken by a completed backup, and alerts when it exceeds set thresholds. If the backup did not complete, no alerts are sent. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **MongoDB PBM backup size** | Monitors the amount of disk space taken by a completed backup and alerts when it exceeds set thresholds. If the backup did not complete, no alerts are sent. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | MongoDB |
```

| **PostgreSQL tables not auto analyzed** | Identifies tables that are not being auto-analyzed and alerts users. Crucial for maintaining accurate statistics and generating proper query execution plans. | Percona customers | PostgreSQL |
| **PostgreSQL tables not auto vacuumed** | Detects tables that are not being auto-vacuumed and alerts users. Essential for managing bloat, optimizing storage, and maintaining overall database health. | Percona customers | PostgreSQL |
| **PostgreSQL unused replication slot** | Identifies and alerts on unused replication slots. Helps prevent excessive WAL retention and potential disk space issues, especially when replicas are offline. | Percona customers | PostgreSQL |

> | **ProxySQL server status** | Tracks ProxySQL server status and alerts when a server's status becomes OFFLINE_SOFT (3) or OFFLINE_HARD (4). Provides details about the server's endpoint, hostgroup, and associated ProxySQL service. Crucial for maintaining high availability and preventing service disruptions. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | ProxySQL |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **ProxySQL server status** | Monitors ProxySQL server status and alerts when a server transitions to OFFLINE_SOFT (3) or OFFLINE_HARD (4) state. Includes critical details such as server endpoint, hostgroup, and associated ProxySQL service. This alert is essential for maintaining high availability and preventing database access disruptions. | • Percona customers<br>• Community | ProxySQL |
```
